back to the ostrich you know every year
as the stars walk the red carpet they
pass a mustachioed man and a golden
tuxedo that man's name is Guillermo
[Applause]
hi it's meteor Lamia the red carpet in
the Oscars and I'm gonna talk to a lot
of famous people and make them feel
uncomfortable oh my god hi how are you
we match we can win oh my god we can be
we can be twins
it's like one planet despite just one
questions fight one question how you
doing hey what do you like to do cut
watching Oh cut get it over
yeah good yeah I love you moving yeah
let's watch a clip what clip is that
I'll tell you broad tip
[Music]
you look beautiful thank you how's
everything everything is good what's
this about oh this this is for a good
cause I need your help
beeps cote de arma de niro okay money
didn't they are more money yeah so I'm
giving this to everybody you know Green
is for money yes if a pass is proven and
hopefully you know I'm passing it to
everybody this is for a good cause
all right this is for the ELMO dinero
charity okay I'm trying to get a raise
Jimmy Kim oh hey Shaun Cassidy's ribbons
for Jimmy key moment all mental and
ptosis to Daniel in Los Pinos tell Jimmy
all the reason why I need a raise
first of all look at him he's the best
he's the most amazing amazing person in
the world
give him his dollars Jimmy yeah para que
comprar Sacko give this man race so that
he can stop passing these out on a
carpet okay leave I'll make sure it but
next time I going Jimmy Kimmel I'll be
wearing this okay
absolutely all right we'll stick it to
them a thousand bucks well I can take
that you have it
Jimmy this is Mike Myers don't you think
it's time you gave him a raise thank you
or you can expect me to never be on your
show again give
and arrays hashtag give the man a raise
don't take all right yeah good job who's
filing your bosses tonight that's Tyler
myself I don't let anybody touch my
moustache about you me my wife yeah you
got a steadier hand than you how are you
how's everything good brother is it hard
to be a good actor I gotta come to your
class I'll get better all right thank
you are you thirsty
all right here talk to my friend Mike
okay so so wait hold on Oh
my friend Mike hold my friend Mike loved
your friend Mike that's tequila guys
[Music]
hell yeah tequila yeah nobody right now
nobody
oh yeah okay gracias
no it's Don Julio it's good that's my
bro yeah my - am i thirsty yeah
yes but the only one for water was I'm
allergic to alcohol oh yeah okay oh how
water only I'm alcohol okay
well then say an R a baby how is it well
that's good gear it's great that's good
candy that's it in yay hö did my mouth
how about a purse here looks fancy I'm
not going to do it on camera
very good
noise awesome wow this is fast with with
the brass knuckles yeah and then what's
in there to close in there near Mount
tequila okay all right you wanna try it
yeah no I'm good for right now that is
to kill isn't it yeah we chose it for
you to win an Oscar Black Panther
Atlanta
[Applause]
brandy no tequila regular haha oh my god
hi it's Kara I love you I miss you too
thank you game oh nice to see you thank
you very much
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you very much have a great night
thank you thank you very much
oh and I don't like that they don't like
that Karthi yeah I know I don't like
[Laughter]
[Applause]
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment